[OSDOCS#17058]: DC-2: Image Mirroring and oc mirror Tooling-CQA-1 (#115599)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-about.adoc

[id="installation-oc-mirror-about_{context}"]
= About the oc-mirror plugin

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the oc-mirror OpenShift CLI (`oc`) plugin to mirror all required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry by using a single tool. It provides the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the oc-mirror {oc-first} plugin to mirror all required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry by using a single tool. 
```
correct this per the correct tool name (add oc first attribute if relevant)
you cannot have an abstract with a colon as a lead-in sentence, so either add periods; or like in this case, remove it

Reviewer 2: not resolved

> * Provides a centralized method to mirror {product-title} releases, Operators, helm charts, and other images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the oc mirror CLI tool, you can use the following functions:

* A centralized method to mirror {product-title} releases, Operators, helm charts, and other images.
```
these bullets should be rewritten from the user perspective; etc

Reviewer 2: not resolved
